CNV-37398: Wrong Notes about Node Health Check in Cluster high-availability options section (#72295)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/install/preparing-cluster-for-virt.adoc

====

> * Automatic high availability for both IPI and non-IPI is available by using the *Node Health Check Operator* on the {product-title} cluster to deploy the `NodeHealthCheck` controller. The controller identifies unhealthy nodes and uses the Self Node Remediation Operator to remediate the unhealthy nodes. For more information on remediation, fencing, and maintaining nodes, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/workload_availability_for_red_hat_openshift/23.2/html-single/remediation_fencing_and_maintenance/index#about-remediation-fencing-maintenance[Workload Availability for Red Hat OpenShift] documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Automatic high availability for both IPI and non-IPI is available by using the *Node Health Check Operator* on the {product-title} cluster to deploy the `NodeHealthCheck` controller. The controller identifies unhealthy nodes and uses the remediation provider (for example Self Node Remediation Operator or Fence Agents Remediation  Operator) to remediate the unhealthy nodes. For more information on remediation, fencing, and maintaining nodes, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/workload_availability_for_red_hat_openshift[Workload Availability for Red Hat OpenShift] documentation.
```
